---
layout: post
title: "So you wanna start a conference...: Location, Location, Location"
description: "A reflection of PyTennessee's first year"
tags: [pytn, conference]
comments: true
share: true
---
This post is part of a series:

- [So you wanna conference]({{ site.url }}/so-you-wanna-conference/)
- [Money]({{ site.url }}/conference-money/)

This post is gonna focus on venue selection, food, and hotels.

Venue(s)
--------
Selecting a venue can be a long and frustrating process; however, it sets the stage for most every other aspect of the conference.  It will be the stage for your speakers, dictate your food options, network choices, tracks, and schedule.  During the venue selection process of PyTennessee we looked into about 10 different venues, and ultimately bumped up our selection a few times as our number of attendees increased.  We initially expected 100 to 150 people, and it ended up a 281 registered and 247 attending.  

Venue selection is a battle of compromises, so start by making a list of what you need from an event center.  Our criteria for the venue were (in order): space for our conference tracks and young coders, security, price, A/V, WiFi, food availability, and hotel availability.  

When thinking about space for your conference, keep in mind how many tracks your gonna have, what kind of room layout you need, and how you will distribute any food or snacks.  Also keep in mind how long you have access to the event space both for the conference days and setup/teardown. At PyTN, we only had access to the event space from 7AM-6PM Saturday and Sunday, and one classroom from 3PM-6PM Friday for setup time.  This meant that we had only 3 hours to prepare for young coders, and our sponsors had to setup their tables Saturday morning. It also meant that we had to have any events after 6PM at another facility.  Thank goodness [Emma](http://myemma.com) stepped up to help.

Our venue didn't have a great way to setup for food. (it takes people way longer than you think to get food.) If you have more than 150 people, try to find a way to setup two lines.  We had a good setup for many things, but I completely screwed up the food distribution process. We also had an issue with food for sprints the first night, as a vendor cancelled our order, another refused to help us, and we finally found a place but it caused our sprinters to get their food late. :(

Wait, why is security so high on your list?  Everyone has differing opinions about how to ensure the safety of their attendees.  Some people like to use on campus/hotel security or use the local police force to handle any incidents.  At PyTN, creating a safe place was a major part of our goals, and we wanted a visible security presence at all official events. Security is rarely included in the venue, but often they have preestablished relationships with security providers and occasionally prenegociated rates. For example, we used on campus security at the Nashville School of Law, and used Emma's preferred security vendor for the events held there. We gave them simple instructions to mostly stay out of the way, but to make sure they made rounds and were noticed.  Speaking of security, we treated them and all our vendors like they were our guests as well.  We made sure to offer them food, shirts, stickers, bags, snacks, water, and anything else we thought they might want.

The price for space is all over the place, and often the prices include bundled things or put restrictions on the vendors and services you can use.  Often hotels and convention centers require you to use their kitchens, their A/V system or vendor, etc.  This can make the overall cost of the conference more than you expect.  So make a total cost sheet for every venue you look at so you can compare them accurately.
